Replicating the Crash
Our test environment will consist of a
dedicated Linux Debian lab client,
where we’ll run and debug the vulnerable
application, and our local Kali Linux box
where we’ll launch the remote exploit.
In order to replicate the crash, we will
first rdesktop to
our dedicated Debian Linux client.
Once connected, we’ll launch a terminal
via the System Tools menu
and run Crossfire:
Once crossfire has launched, it will
accept incoming network connections.
Next, we’ll launch the Evans debugger by
running the edb command:
The layout of EDB is similar to other
popular debugging tools.
To see available processes including
the PID and owner,
we’ll select Attach from the File menu.
We can then search for our crossfire
process, select it,
, and click OK to attach to it.
When we intially attach to the process,
it will be paused.
To run it, we can simply click the Run
button or press F9.
Now that we’ve attached the debugger to
the Crossfire application, let’s examine
the proof-of-concept code that we
created based on information
from the public exploit.
Notice that our buffer variable requires
specific hex values at the beginning
and at the end of it, as well as the
“setup sound” string,
in order for the application to crash.
Our initial proof-of-concept builds a
malicious buffer including the
“setup sound” command, connects to the
remote service on port 13327,
and sends the buffer.
To crash Crossfire, we can run our first
proof-of-concept using python.
After running the script, the debugger
displays an error message,
clearly indicating the presence of a
memory corruption
in the setup sound command, likely a
buffer overflow condition.
After clicking the OK button, we find
that the EIP register has been
overwritten with our buffer.
Before we continue, let’s restart
crossfire,
and launch EDB and attach to our
crossfire process.